hello everybody's general goggin here
and today i'm here with high watermark
um preto and roberts and today whatever
you can and today we are discussing what
that creature was attacked us out there
alright so preto or prado um I'm still
calling Prado I think that's and Mark
you guys were here longer than any all
three of us so do you guys know what
those creatures exact or that creature
exactly was i I don't know what that was
he just did it just messed with I didn't
have time to research with that ah ask
it was he was there a second than he
wasn't there another second and then
they would love and then there were
dragons and then there was not and i
don't know i don't know that i see this
is it this isn't what the military is
only here for when they send you here
for them they sent for soldiers and two
scientists to research the minerals that
are found all these lands this is this
is not what I signed up for man just
this is it no I'm just a scientist next
is the superheroes why did you know they
were cold I bless you I tell you what oh
look general taio general hey hiya what
are you doing here well you seem to have
been fat i'm getting reports that you're
sucking but right now and the kitchen is
going terribly wrong so I've been sent
by the government to come and fix this
thing up so how is a how many troopers
ever come
from the first squad to 22 where's the
others their skulls were buried they're
all dead mr. Spain but there's still one
wheel Ruiz only found like four of the
schools or three of them all right now
to use privates all right you're gonna
sit in that chair now because I'm taking
this over hey general profession you
ever event oh well some of it all right
so basically I brought you all jeeps
outside because noticing stuff oh snap
trooper chips oh you'll shoot them in a
minute because you all seem to be very
prepared for everything all right so I'm
here to inform you but by hand that's a
Supply Drop did not come you're not the
only supplies that you guys are going to
receive or from me the government
doesn't feel that funding you guys is
worth enough because well this project
is kind of going downhill at this point
your fundings have been completely over
budget and yeah the same product this is
coming to an end really quickly problem
is they don't care about your lives
that's why I've been sent here to make
sure that you guys are escorted back to
home base quickly and safely for this
mission is coming to an end we don't
know what kind of powers are dealing
with here and you guys are ill-prepared
considering that half the squad of a
general guide games unit has been shot
down by a in their choppers from some
suspicious lightning activity during a
lightning storm I watched it happen for
ants and the Reapers squadron has not
been yet discovered again therefore
you're kind of on your own so I brought
some Jeeps yes you did we're going to
have to get ourselves out of here the
because of the fact well you know it's
it's it's cut its kind of it it's not
really good so my jeeps over in the
corner way out there but everybody
choose leather jeeps and they're getting
the crap out of here
troopers move oh yeah all right so there
are 32 keeps ya go to the Paris all
right follow me get ourselves out of
here all right people wiggle wiggle
wiggle